Introduction
An MRI scan is a medical device that uses strong magnetic fields and radio waves to generate detailed images of organs and tissues within the human body. As an end of the module project, we were given the task to improve the time frame of image reconstruction from an MRI device which is a limitation on the device’s patient throughput when used in real-life medical fields.

The data that is acquired from the MRI device is a complex k-space that represents the Fourier transform of the scanned object. Because of the long acquisition time, the k-space data is sliced using different masks that speed up the acquisition process, that process is called cartesian undersampling, with 4-fold and 8-fold acceleration. However, the use of this undersampling method results in getting blurrier images as undersamples from the original k-space data.

In order to circumvent this problem, the principal goal of this project was to consider the undersampled data images as input to a super-resolution network. The task of super-resolution is given a single degraded low-resolution image, restore a high-resolution one. In order to speed up the training, the images are cropped to the center to get a fixed image size of 320x320 and getting rid of unnecessary data points and keeping the essential part of the image.

As another way to tackle this issue, GANs were investigated. GAN stands for Generative Adversarial Networks, which are a framework for training a deep learning model to generate new data from the training data distribution. It is composed of two separate models, a generator and a discriminator. The purpose of a generator model is to generate fake images that look the closest to training images, and the discriminator aims to determine to a certain degree of certainty whether or not this image is real. 
This type of model can be applied to the previously described problem. The generator will try to reconstruct the undersampled image that is blurry so it is more similar to the ground truth image, and the discriminator will try to determine if the result can be considered as a ground truth image. Both the generator and discriminator work concurrently to improve together so the generator becomes more proficient at generating real-looking and sharp images, and the discriminator is more accurate when determining the probability that the image is real or not.

As a way to measure the quality of image reconstruction, we use the SSIM index, the Structural SIMilarity index, which is a measure of similarity between two images. When comparing the ground truth image to the reconstructed image from the undersample using the network, we determine the accuracy and efficiency of the developed method.